welcome to Mustangs plus restomod how to
series and today we're going to install
grab a track leaf springs I'd like to
show you a little bit about our Springs
we have the grab attracts Erie Springs
and what we have here is a standard four
leaf spring we have a mid I four and a
half and we have a reverse I five leaf
and depending on how you you're going to
be driving your car will depend on which
leaf you select in addition we also have
u-boats in case your u-bolts are bad we
have eye bolts and we also have the
racing performance shackles and we have
the standard shackles that normally come
with your car but before we get going I
just want to remind everybody that's
doing this at home that when you Jack
your car up make sure your jack stands
are right here in front of the eye pole
that way you've got support and when you
go to use your wrenches you're not going
to be interfering with any of your hand
tools by the jack assembly okay we're
going to remove the shock
got the shock hardware push up on the
shot and just let it hang next we're
going to remove the u-bolts
you
now you'll notice that this particular
car has some tow perches on it this car
is towed sometimes so this is something
that you can add if you decide you want
to tow your car perché u-bolts okay now
we'll move to the rear and remove the
rear shackle we've got two nuts to
remove up here
you
get the plate that comes off
and then what we'll do is we're going to
we're going to pull the whole shackle
out and we'll drop this part of the leaf
we're going to take the load off the
springs by jacking up the rear end just
a little bit so there's absolutely no
load whatsoever on the leaf spring take
the load off you can see the leaf lifted
just a little bit now we can move the
spring okay we're ready to take this
shackle kit apart we've got a bushing
coming out we've got this shackle
assembly and now we're just going to
drop this spring remove the eye bolt and
we're ready to take the whole spring out
okay we're ready to take out this front
eye bolt and here we go we ratchet it
all
okay we're ready to remove this whole
leaf assembly we're going to pull out
this eye bolt and here comes the whole
leaf this is it right here okay we're
ready to put our standard leap back in
we're going to start with the eye bolt
we're going to lift the spring up get it
in there
you
okay we're ready to install our rear
shackle kit and before we do that we're
going to give these rubber bushings a
shot of wd-40 which will help get them
to slide right inside just like that and
these upper bushings they'll slide in
this way once we get it mounted and at
the same time what we're going to do is
we're going to give those a shot of
wd-40 and we're going to lift it up
get her installed
you
we've got the leaf spring in all
tightened down we're going to lower our
rear end onto the spring and we're going
to ensure that the center bolt is right
in the middle of the perch and what that
does is that centers the rear in we're
ready to go we're going to use new
u-bolts we're going to get this all tied
in together
you
okay now we're going to get the shock
absorber inserted get that in get the
rubber bushing metal washer get the nut
and get it tightened down okay we bet
the leaf spring we've got all the
hardware the shock we've checked all our
nuts bolts rear shackle kit and that
pretty much finalizes our grab attract
leaf spring installation